---
title: Home
priority: 0
latest_blog: yes
---

Public WiFi hotspots in a hotel, restaurant or train are generally unsafe. 
There is a risk of being eavesdropped or tracked by someone on the same network 
or by malicious software. A virtual private network (VPN) sends all data over 
an encrypted connection and offers a safe and secure path to the internet. 
There are hardly any Internet Service Providers (ISP) that provide VPN services 
to their customers and setting it up yourself is rather cumbersome. The few 
ones that do offer VPN haven’t been able to offer a modern and user-friendly 
experience to their users. There are a lot of other VPN solutions around, but 
most of them do not provide sufficient security en privacy to their users.

Let’s Connect! provides an open source VPN solution allowing ISPs, hosters and 
businesses to easily setup a secure VPN service. Even security minded people 
will be able to deploy it in a home environment. After deployment, users have 
a safe path from all generic devices.

### Development

We are people from the Research and Educational community and under the 
governance of the Commons Conservancy foundation founded an open source VPN 
project. Both server-side software as all client software has been released 
under an open source license.

The project is known under two names: Let’s Connect! and eduVPN. The brand 
eduVPN is used to promote this VPN solution to international educational and 
research organizations. Our progress can be followed on GitHub and in the blog. 
Our apps can be found on the Apps page. Please contact us if you want to 
contribute to or work with Let’s Connect!

### Let's Connect! VPN

In order to improve the security of VPN services Security researchers stress 
the importance of open standards, simple and open source software, regular 
audits and proven cryptography. For Let’s Connect! VPN we have focused to 
apply these best practices as much as possible. OpenVPN was chosen as ‘core’ 
VPN technology because it is open-source and has been audited by an 
international community. OpenVPN also works better than for example IPsec in 
restricted environments, such as firewalled networks, because it is able to 
hide the VPN traffic. Currently OpenVPN isn’t an open standard but there is 
work in progress. OpenVPN supports a variety of cryptography ciphers and after 
consultation of cryptography experts AES-256-GCM was chosen
